<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_DNS_record_types>

A	Returns a 32-bit IPv4 address, most commonly used to map hostnames to
	an IP address of the host, but it is also used for DNSBLs, storing
	subnet masks in RFC 1101, etc.

AAAA	Returns a 128-bit IPv6 address, most commonly used to map hostnames
	to an IP address of the host.

ALL	Returns all records of all types known to the name server.
	If the name server does not have any information on the name, the
	request will be forwarded on. The records returned may not be complete.
	For example, if there is both an A and an MX for a name, but the name
	server has only the A record cached, only the A record will be
	returned. Usually referred to as ANY (e.g., in dig, Windows nslookup,
	and Wireshark). In 2019, RFC8482 [14] standards-track publication led
	many DNS providers, including Cloudflare,[15] to provide only minimal
	responses to "ANY" queries, instead of enumerating records.

AXFR	Transfer entire zone file from the primary name server to secondary
	name servers.

CNAME	Alias of one name to another: the DNS lookup will continue by retrying
	the lookup with the new name.

HINFO	Record intended to provide information about host CPU type and
	operating system. It was intended to allow protocols to optimize
	processing when communicating with similar peers.

MINFO	MB, MG, MR, and MINFO are records to publish subscriber mailing lists.
	MAILB is a query code which returns one of those records. The intent
	was for MB and MG to replace the SMTP VRFY and EXPN commands. MR was to
	replace the "551 User Not Local" SMTP error. Later, RFC 2505
	recommended that both VRFY and EXPN be disabled, making MB and MG
	unnecessary. They were classified as experimental by RFC 1035.

MX	List of mail exchange servers that accept email for a domain

NS	Delegates a DNS zone to use the given authoritative name servers

OPT	This is a pseudo-record type needed to support EDNS.

PTR	Pointer to a canonical name. Unlike a CNAME, DNS processing stops and
	just the name is returned. The most common use is for implementing
	reverse DNS lookups, but other uses include such things as DNS-SD.

SOA	Specifies authoritative information about a DNS zone, including the
	primary name server, the email of the domain administrator, the domain
	serial number, and several timers relating to refreshing the zone.

SRV	Generalized service location record, used for newer protocols instead
	of creating protocol-specific records such as MX.

TXT	Originally for arbitrary human-readable text in a DNS record.
	Since the early 1990s, however, this record more often carries
	machine-readable data, such as specified by RFC 1464, opportunistic
	encryption, Sender Policy Framework, DKIM, DMARC, DNS-SD, etc.

WKS	Record to describe well-known services supported by a host.
	Not used in practice. The current recommendation and practice is to
	determine whether a service is supported on an IP address by trying to
	connect to it. SMTP is even prohibited from using WKS records in MX
	processing.
